---
layout: post
title: "June 2023"
description: "Kid Brothers, Bacchus Bad Boy, and Pride"
date: 2023-06-30
feature_image: images/iegrad.jpg
---

Duke students, I have noticed, will post on social media in a different city every weekend. Earlier in the month, I spent only a few days in California. I flew back to celebrate my kid-brothers graduations. I was the loudest in the audience and the first to drown them in my embrace. Their accomplishments are their own, but I can take pride in knowing I was and will continue to be part of their stories. Kixwaj!

<!--more-->

These last few weeks, I have been in the 'Babe Cave' more, eating away at their food and finding reasons to stay and talk longer. I have even gotten closer to Riley, who has a magnetic pull and an incredible sense of humor. Aubteen, too, has joined Mahi and me on our sidequests across Durham.

After the last day of classes in the spring, Duke students often embark on a debaucherous journey to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. A month ago, I chose to keep my peace and fly immediately back to Los Angeles after my finals. Still, it is Huang tradition to have our own Beach Week, and while I may not have been super conversational with each Huang Fellow before, we all explained our lore. 

Our conversations reminded me of one of the earlier days in Huang when Mahi and I used government names and Instagram handles to discuss our opposition. I may not have recognized my personality shift since the start of orientation. Still, my program director even called me a "Bacchus bad boy"—referencing the god of wine in Greek mythology. 

Once I returned to Duke, I spent many nights sleeping on the floor in Sedi, Sergio, and Avery's dorms because I was too tired to walk back to my apartment from West Campus. Avery and I even went to Raleigh Pride, encouraging a sense of comfort in knowing I can still have a community of people who fought for my right to love and live. 

*Best,*
*The Virginia Woolf of Teen Boys*


