---
layout: post
title: "July 2023"
description: "Press Waitress, Quinces, and Poster Presentation"
date: 2023-07-31
feature_image: images/boylestreets.jpg
---

My Durham summer has meant the union of my friends from my first year and those I have made through Huang and BSURF. By spending more time in the Babe Cave, I have appreciated our chemistry and recognize that while we may wail and whine over yesterday, we meet everyone when we are supposed to. 

<!--more-->

The past month has meant exploring Durham and Chapel Hill more as well. I have explored Franklin Street more and even visited the Ackland Art Museum and other restaurants in downtown Durham, including a crepe restaurant called Press, where the waitress spoke with the most stunning Appalachian accent as she complemented my jewelry. 

Making the trek to West Campus has gotten more difficult as the North Carolina heat pierces my skin, but I still make an effort to play ghetto badminton with Sergio, Sedi, Ethan, and Avery. Yes, I can say ghetto badminton. You cannot, oop. Every time we try to reserve the court, tall basketball men come by to rain on our parade. Instead, we wind up playing with an invisible net in the racketball: ghetto badminton. 

Eventually, my Huang summer concluded with my poster presentation entitled "Artificial Intelligence Bias in Large Langauge Models," where I explored how chatbot technology responds to various creative and translation tasks in low-resource languages. I hope to continue pursuing similar projects and attend graduate school as a linguist or computer scientist to explore solutions for bias production. 

My Tia Yoli picked me up from the airport, and immediately following my arrival, we drove to Moreno Valley for my cousin Destiny's quinceañera. I saw every one of my cousins, and we did as cousins do at these gatherings: expose drunk uncles, go for a walk, and drive to get fast food. 

Upon seeing some of my family members, they would ask me how long I had been here. When did you come in? When do you go back? Their questions and comments exposed to me that my stay was temporary. California will always be my home, but I will be a visitor when I return. While somewhat daunting, I am excited for the path my brothers and cousins will soon take as they approach college age and can become their own people as well. 