---
layout: post
title: "May 2023"
description: "444 Fire, Go Ape, and the Babe Cave"
date: 2023-05-31
feature_image: images/mariachiplaza.jpg
---

While I spent a few weeks in Los Angeles with my Abuelita, I anticipated the Huang summer that would soon come. Between spontaneous trips to Dockweiler Beach and Little Tokyo with my cousins, my neighbor's house was tragically set on fire by a homeless man. The address was unlucky, though, according to Aaron: 444. 

<!--more-->

While with my Abuelita, we often ate at Velarde's Fruits on Cesar Chavez in Boyle Heights and walked alongside the vendors as they tried to sell us Dodgers merchandise we did not need; still, amidst our conversations, I could see myself becoming less involved with my own parents. 

I still did not have answers to many of their questions at the time. I have always just been here, and while I still love my family, and they love me, love will never have a simple solution. Girlfriends and boyfriends from my past seemed to haunt my family, and my dad even has this sixth sense, he calls it, where he often dreams of my future partners. Truthfully, I did not know how to feel or how I wanted to move forward. 

Instead, I know I need space at this time to fend for myself, appreciate Durham, and befriend the Huang Fellows. However, one of our earlier activities was at Go Ape Zipline and Adventure Park. Mahi and I decided to go last, and we just told each other our lore the entire time—full government names and all. I could feel myself healing through this friendship as Mahi bore all the best parts of people no longer in my life. 

We also found out we lived across the hall from each other, so our morning check-ins became more frequent as Huang programming continued. While Mahi could cook and told me about her dream to open a food truck, I roamed Science Drive buildings to find catered events instead. Eventually, though, I found myself eating food from the 'Babe Cave' on the fourth floor with Emma, Erika, Arielle, and Kennedy, whom I had met during my first year.

I also spent more time with Aaron, Irma, and Noelia in Blue Light for barbecues, last-minute Trader Joe's runs, and programming at the Carolina Tiger Rescue.

What do they say? April showers bring May flowers. Yeah.  
